Adding CMK to Synapse (#11328)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/synapse_workspace.html.markdown

* `github_repo` - (Optional) A `github_repo` block as defined below.

> * `customer_managed_key` - (Optional) An Azure Key Vault key ID used as a Customer Managed Key (CMK) for double encryption.

Reviewer: Maybe give an example of expected input here?

```suggestion
* `customer_managed_key_versionless_id` - (Optional) The Azure Key Vault Key Versionless ID to be used as the Customer Managed Key (CMK) for double encryption (e.g. `https://example-keyvault.vault.azure.net/type/cmk/`). 
```
